Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

    What worked for me was going to TA hours and having study sessions with other computer science students. I consulted two other students (Taylor and Kimberly). It helped talking it out with others because I didn't feel as stressed about the assignment knowing that others also are lost which is normal but, it's scary to acknowledge. Our first approach was watching a youtube video that explained class and it made sense so our next step was to start with computer.py since it is needed for oo_resale_shop. Looking at the procedural and main code helped, that way I could figure out how to translate the fucntions into methods in terms of OOP. What didn't work for me was when I tried to make resale shop have the inventory as a dictionary and have it be intitalized as existing because it didn't make sense logicaly or when I attempted to make the code for the methods in oo_resale_shop.py. I learned that you can have an attribute in a class and not have it be inputed through an object and rather equivalent to something in the constructor. After I learned that it made sense to have a self.inventory equal an empty list. It also helped going to google for basic things like how to append something into a list because it was small things that I had forgetten in python. What worked was staring the assignment on Thursday that way I had enough time to show up to office hours and TA hours to help me understand the project. Another thing that didn't help was sitting down to do the assignment for long periods of time only to not make any progress. I recommend setting a timer and if no progress is made in that time to put it away and come back to it after a break or else you will just be wasting your time. I recommend that other's start the assignment right away and not be too hard on yourselves because you can always resubmit your assignment so try not to be focused on being perfect and acknowledge when you make any progress. I also recommend watching a youtube video to recap Class as it will make things more clearer and less scary. I also highly recommend working/consulting your friends because together you can piece information faster, helps reduce the anxiety of turning in a perfect assignment, and it makes the assignment fun too.
